---
layout: post
title: Tokyo - Day 3
subtitle: Omotesando / Shibuya
breizh-cafe:
  - English menu
  - Paid with credit
  - $$ - $$$
gomaya-kuki:
  - English menu
  - Paid with credit
  - $ - $$
omotesando-pics:
  - Streets of Omotesando: japan2019/tokyo-day-3/omotesando-1.JPG
shibuya-pics:
  - Shibuya 1: japan2019/tokyo-day-3/shibuya-1.JPG
  - Shibuya 2: japan2019/tokyo-day-3/shibuya-2.JPG
sushi-midori:
  - English menu
  - Paid with credit
  - $$ - $$$
sushi-midori-pics:
  - Shibuya 1: japan2019/tokyo-day-3/sushi-midori-1.JPG
  - Shibuya 2: japan2019/tokyo-day-3/sushi-midori-2.JPG
---

### Lunch at Breizh Cafe 路 Omotesando, Tokyo

<columns>
  <twocolumn class="left">
    {% include img-link.html size='large' src='japan2019/tokyo-day-3/breizh-cafe-1.JPG' title='Breizh Cafe Crepe' %}
  </twocolumn>
  <twocolumn class="right">
    We came to Omotesando hoping to experience a Japanese cafe for brunch - unfortunately, cafe's are quite popular and we went on a weekend so many of them already had lines out the door once we arrived. We ended up settling with Breizh Cafe since we could get a spot, and it was a small, cozy cafe that specialized in a variety of French crepes. I later learned that this was a chain around Japan - but the food itself wasn't too bad, however for I think it was quite pricy for what we got. I'd recommend looking up a Japanese cafe ahead of time and going early to get a spot. While I appreciated Breizh, a lot of the cafes around this area are pretty good and it might have been more worthwhile to look something up to try something more local unless you really don't care.

    {% include botan-list.html list=page.breizh-cafe %}
  </twocolumn>
</columns>

### Sesame Ice Cream at Gomaya Kuki 路 Omotesando, Tokyo

<columns>
  <twocolumn class="left">
    If you love (or have just been wanting to try sesame ice cream), Gomaya Kuki will for sure satisfy this craving. They have a large selection of sesame ice cream flavors and drinks. We shared a flight of light vs. dark sesame ice cream at varying levels and concentrations of sesame. You could definitely tell the flavors apart and if that wasn't enough sesame, they even give you different kinds of sesame oil on the side to try the ice cream with. Worth the stop if you're in the area if you're looking for a break to eat or drink sweets!

    {% include botan-list.html list=page.gomaya-kuki %}
  </twocolumn>
  <twocolumn class="right">
    {% include img-link.html size='large' src='japan2019/tokyo-day-3/gomaya-kuki-1.JPG' title='Gomaya Kuki Sesame Ice Cream' %}
  </twocolumn>
</columns>

### Shopping the Streets of Omotesando 路 Omotesando, Tokyo

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.omotesando-pics img-size='large' %}

Omotesando is also a district great for shopping - it has tons of winding streets with shops on each side that you can just get lost in for hours. If you wander off the main roads, the streets become more narrow and are mostly just for pedestrians. The best part are these alleyways, as they are lined with either big store names or local boutiques made up of smaller Japanese brands. One of my favorite shops was "2nd Street" - its a second-hand clothing shop where you can budget shop for Japanese clothes (a lot of these local stores can get pricy, so this was a cool alternative). Omotesando is also close to Harajuku, which is also a famous higher-end shopping district. It also neighbors the famous, bustling intersection of Shibuya. So if you find yourself going to either of those popular districts, Omotesando is also a great place to swing by if you're looking to do some shopping.

### Dinner at Sushi no Midori 路 Shibuya, Tokyo

We had dinner at Shibuya, which is best-known for its famous Shibuya crossing. This is one of the most busiest places, especially near the Hachiko exit (a famous statue of <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hachik%C5%8D">Hachi</a> also stands here) of the Shibuya station (which handles ~2.4 million passenger per day, so prepared to be squished). Similar to Akihabara, Shibuya is completely lit up at night by electronic billboards and it also has tons of stores for shopping.

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.shibuya-pics img-size='large' %}

However, the main reason we came to Shibuya was to eat at Sushi no Midori - a highly rated sushi restaurant in Tokyo that is very much reasonably priced for the quality of sushi served. The restaurant is located within a department like building called Mark City, and you have to go up 2-3 escalators before you see it. I ordered a tuna sushi platter since I love Tuna and it was the best sushi that I had in Tokyo. I was able to try different cuts of Toro (tuna belly, which is usually pretty expensive), and all the sushi at this place was generously cut as they were all much thicker cuts of fish than I've eaten in the U.S. Each toro was also super buttery and delicious, and my friends also got a variety sushi platter that they also enjoyed. I recommend going to Shibuya a bit early to put your name down, and you can walk around and shop while you wait. We arrived at around 5PM to put our name down, and we weren't seated until 2.5 hours later. Be sure to check back in to make sure you don't miss your number, as they will take you off the list if you miss your turn!

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.sushi-midori-pics img-size='large' %}

{% include botan-list.html list=page.sushi-midori %}

