---
layout: post
title: Tokyo - Day 2
subtitle: DisneySea in Chiba
disneysea:
  - Requires tickets that can be bought in advance online
disneysea-pics:
  - DisneySea Mysterious Island: japan2019/tokyo-day-2/disney-2.JPG
  - DisneySea American Waterfront: japan2019/tokyo-day-2/disney-1.JPG
  - DisneySea Mediterranean Harbor Day: japan2019/tokyo-day-2/disney-4.JPG
---

### Tokyo DisneySea

Tokyo DisneySea was about an hour ride by subway to get to for us (starting two stops away from Ikebukuro station). I imagine it would take at least 30 minutes to an hour by train if you are riding from anywhere in Tokyo.

DisneySea is one of the unique Disney parks where some rides can only be found in the Tokyo park. The park itself is centered around nautical fictional worlds, which I am a <i>big</i> fan of. DisneySea does not fall short of any of the other Disney parks - it actually might have won me over as one of my favorite parks (excluding the rides) in terms of its atmosphere and themes. The park strategically sits next to the ocean, and the park utilizes this by building each area beautifully around the water. The food here was also surprisingly good - I had low expectations at first since amusement park food is never the greatest, but the food here was actually pretty tasty, reasonably priced, and they had fun snacks / treats done with an Asian twist. The big rides here (Tower of Terror, Soaring, Toy Story Mania) were all repeats found at other Disney parks, and the regular wait times for these were 1.5 - 2 hours long all day (and keep in mind I went during non-peak season). All the other DisneySea exclusive rides were doable without a fastpass though. So if you're trying to squeeze in as many rides as you can, I recommend going right when the park opens. Otherwise, it's not too big of a deal to arrive whenever - but I do think this should be a planned, entire day activity in order to enjoy the park to its fullest.

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.disneysea-pics img-size='medium' %}

{% include botan-list.html list=page.disneysea %}
