---
layout: post
title: Tokyo - Day 3
subtitle: Omotesando / Shibuya
breizh-cafe:
  - English menu
  - Paid with credit
  - $$ - $$$
gomaya-kuki:
  - English menu
  - Paid with credit
  - $ - $$
omotesando-pics:
  - Streets of Omotesando: japan2019/tokyo-day-3/omotesando-1.JPG
---

### Lunch at Breizh Cafe · Omotesando, Tokyo

<columns>
  <twocolumn class="left">
    {% include img-link.html size='large' src='japan2019/tokyo-day-3/breizh-cafe-1.JPG' title='Breizh Cafe Crepe' %}
  </twocolumn>
  <twocolumn class="right">
    We came to Omotesando hoping to experience a Japanese cafe for brunch - unfortunately, cafe's are quite popular and we went on a weekend so many of them already had lines out the door once we arrived. We ended up settling with Breizh Cafe since we could get a spot, and it was a small, cozy cafe that specialized in a variety of French crepes. I later learned that this was a chain around Japan - but the food itself wasn't too bad, however for I think it was quite pricy for what we got. I'd recommend looking up a Japanese cafe ahead of time and going early to get a spot. While I appreciated Breizh, a lot of the cafes around this area are pretty good and it might have been more worthwhile to look something up to try something more local unless you really don't care.

    {% include botan-list.html list=page.breizh-cafe %}
  </twocolumn>
</columns>

### Sesame Ice Cream at Gomaya Kuki · Omotesando, Tokyo

<columns>
  <twocolumn class="left">
    If you love (or have just been wanting to try sesame ice cream), Gomaya Kuki will for sure satisfy this craving. They have a large selection of sesame ice cream flavors and drinks. We shared a flight of light vs. dark sesame ice cream at varying levels and concentrations of sesame. You could definitely tell the flavors apart and if that wasn't enough sesame, they even give you different kinds of sesame oil on the side to try the ice cream with. Worth the stop if you're in the area if you're looking for a break to eat or drink sweets!

    {% include botan-list.html list=page.gomaya-kuki %}
  </twocolumn>
  <twocolumn class="right">
    {% include img-link.html size='large' src='japan2019/tokyo-day-3/gomaya-kuki-1.JPG' title='Gomaya Kuki Sesame Ice Cream' %}
  </twocolumn>
</columns>

### Shopping the Streets of Omotesando · Omotesando, Tokyo

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.omotesando-pics img-size='large' %}

Omotesando is known 
