---
layout: post
title: Tokyo - Day 1
teamlabs:
  - Requires tickets that can be bought in advance online
teamlabs-pics:
  - Forest of Resonating Lamps 1: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/teamlabs-1.JPG
  - Light Shell and Light Vortex: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/teamlabs-3.JPG
  - Forest of Resonating Lamps 2: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/teamlabs-2.JPG
  - Memory of Topography: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/teamlabs-6.JPG
  - Crystal World: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/teamlabs-5.JPG
  - 'Flower Forest: Lost, Immersed and Reborn': japan2019/tokyo-day-1/teamlabs-4.JPG
yoroiya:
  - English menu
  - Paid in cash
  - $ - $$
  - Counter space only
asakusa-skytree-pics:
  - Asakusa Shrine: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/asakusa-1.JPG
  - Tokyo SkyTree Tower: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/tokyo-skytree-1.JPG
tonkatsu-marugo:
  - English menu
  - Paid in cash
  - $$ - $$$
akihabara-pics:
  - Akihabara Store: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/akihabara-1.JPG
  - Streets of Akihabara: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/akihabara-2.JPG
maid-cafe-pics:
  - At-Home Cafe: japan2019/tokyo-day-1/maid-cafe-1.JPG
---

### TeamLabs Borderless


On our first day after landing, we started our morning with a visit to [TeamLabs Borderless](https://borderless.teamlab.art/) in Odaiba, Tokyo. Odaiba is a bit out of the way in Tokyo, so it took us at least 40 minutes to an hour to get there by subway (we were staying two stops away from Ikebukuro). Once you get there, you'll see that Odaiba is a little amusement area with a ferris wheel, outdoor shopping, a Toyota showcase center, etc. So there is more to do in Odaiba, but we mainly went for TeamLabs Borderless. It's probably one of the most highly rated / overly instagrammed digital art exhibits out there, but if you've never been to anything like it, I definitely recommend going since its vast number of eye candy exhibits will not disappoint!

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.teamlabs-pics img-size='small' %}

{% include botan-list.html list=page.teamlabs %}

### Lunch at Yoroiya Ramen (Asakusa)

<columns>
  <twocolumn class="left">
    {% include img-link.html size='large' src='japan2019/tokyo-day-1/yoroiya-ramen-1.JPG' title='Yoroiya Ramen' %}
  </twocolumn>
  <twocolumn class="right">
    We picked this place since it had decent reviews on TripAdvisor and it was near Asakusa Shrine (our next destination). The ramen was pretty heavy, but it was the most generous amount of noodles, soup, and fun delicious items (not limited to but including mushrooms, seaweed, bamboo, pork chashus, etc.) in one ramen I've had compared to ones I've had in Seattle. Fun fact: the ramen here has special ajitama (soft boiled) twin-egg yolks called Futago Tamago, and its supposedly rare!

    {% include botan-list.html list=page.yoroiya %}
  </twocolumn>
</columns>

### Asakusa Shrine & Tokyo SkyTree Town
Next, we went to Asakusa shrine and Tokyo SkyTree town - both of which are yet another popular tourist spots. Asakusa shrine is one of Tokyo's most famous shrines in the city, and it has a great outdoor area for shopping and buying street snacks. Tokyo SkyTree town is a giant department store shopping center home to the Tokyo SkyTree tower (Tokyo's Space Needle), and Sumida Aquarium (cute penguins and jellyfish)! These two are neighboring each other, so its worth visiting both in the same day. It took us about another 40 minutes to an hour by subway to make it to the Asakusa area from Odaiba, but there's also a bus that directly goes to Tokyo SkyTree town for about the same amount of price and time.

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.asakusa-skytree-pics img-size='medium' %}

### Dinner at Tonkatsu Marugo (Akihabara)

Unfortunately, I was a bad tourist here and forgot to take a photo of the food

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.akihabara-pics img-size='medium' %}

Akihabara is a fun place to check out at night as one of the major shopping centers for electronics, and all things quirky. The streets are filled with  electronic billboards and a ton of shops with anime merchandise, collectible goods, souvenirs, etc. I had dinner at Tonkatsu Marugo in this district as it's known as one of the top tonkatsu places in Tokyo. Be prepared to wait outside in a line around dinnertime, as we got there around 6PM and had to wait for at least 15 minutes before being seated. They have a selection of different cuts of pork tonkatsu as well as breaded prawn, both of which I tried and was very satisfied with. The breading is light yet crispy, while the pork and prawn were both juicy and tender.

{% include botan-list.html list=page.tonkatsu-marugo %}

### Maid Cafe @home cafe

{% include img-link-list.html list=page.maid-cafe-pics img-size='medium' %}

After dinner, we hopped on over to a maid cafe called @home cafe (which is only one of the many maid cafes in Akihabara) to experience one of Japan's most popular themed cosplay cafes. The @home cafe was an entire seven floor building, each of which had its own cafe floor and staff. You aren't allowed to take pictures here so I can't show you, but the waitresses are people cosplaying as maids, and many people come here to enjoy the unique, cheerful atmosphere. It can get a bit pricy if you stay here since fees add up (there's a cover fee for each hour you stay in addition to each customer being requireded to order at least one thing from the menu). The food and drinks here are not the main attractions at the cafe, but many of the dishes and drinks are cute and the maids will do special "magic" if you're lucky enough, which might involve a song and dance with you to make everything more delicious (the maid drew a picture for me on my drink, it's a pikachu if you can't tell). All-in-all, this is a unique experience that I had a lot of fun with and you'd just have to go to see for yourself. I'd recommend going with other friends just to have a good time!
